HTTP Caching - max-age relative to response (#14383)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/caching/index.md

#### Expiration

The most important directive here is `max-age=<seconds>`, which is the maximum amount of time in which a resource will be considered [fresh](#freshness).
This directive is relative to the time that the response was sent by the server, and overrides the {{HTTPHeader("Expires")}} header (if set). 

```
Cache-Control: max-age=31536000
```

> You can use a large `max-age` value for files that rarely or never change, including images, CSS files, and JavaScript files.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use a large `max-age` value for files that rarely or never change.
This might include images, HTML, CSS files, and JavaScript files.
```
